here's the ingredients we need for our
cinnamon rolls you'll need milk - frozen
bread dough's stick of butter a little
bit of cinnamon vanilla pudding it just
can't be instant pudding and then brown
sugar the first step for our caramel
rolls is to take your frozen bread dough
and go ahead and put it in a pan grease
the pan first so they don't stick but
just go ahead and put those in there for
two to four hours or until they about
double in size so here's about what they
should look like after they've risen
they've about doubled in size these
flattened or flattened out a little bit
because I've been handling them a little
bit so that's what they look like
now we're gonna go ahead and start
cutting these up
right after we've greased this pan
really really well it's important we're
gonna take our loaves and we're gonna
cut it into just little pieces with some
kitchen C scissors or your wife's linen
scissors done literally matter just go
ahead and start cutting it like this
about quarter-inch sizes you're gonna go
ahead and do this with all the pieces or
both pieces of dough okay as you can see
we've basically taken both bread dough's
and we've chopped them up into little
pieces just make sure it's kind of even
throughout the pan just like this and
then we run for ready for our next step
all right now we're gonna go ahead and
mix up our ingredients for the caramel
part of this we're just gonna take all
these the rest of the ingredients go
ahead and put them in a saucepan we got
our vanilla pudding non-instant
by the way
one stick of butter or margarine if you
prefer one cup of brown sugar
proximately two tablespoons of milk
close enough and if you want to take
like I say about a teaspoon of cinnamon
just go ahead and sprinkle that on okay
then we're gonna go ahead and put this
on the stove and heat it up till it's
smooth and blended alright our
ingredients are nice and melted by the
way we did this on a medium heat it took
about five to ten minutes to go ahead
and get this blended up nice so now
we're gonna go ahead and dump this all
over our dough
alright so we're gonna take our caramel
mixture and we're gonna go ahead and
just dump this over our little dough
balls nice and even really smells really
good so next we're gonna go ahead and
put this in a preheated oven that's been
preheated to 350 for 30 minutes okay
it's done
so we're gonna go ahead and pull this
out it's nice and golden brown so once
you pull this out you're gonna want to
go ahead and invert this onto a pan just
like this and voila